Hey folks! Ash here with the next round of patch notes.

First and foremost, we have some upcoming changes to the client throughout the year, starting with the Collection for patch 10.10. Our goal is to unify the player interfaces for PC and console which means we can reduce the time spent supporting them separately and focus on delivering cool new things more quickly. Sometimes you’ll see nice QOL changes, and other times you might think they’re negligible–either way, it’ll be better for everyone in the long run!

Separately, we updated Raze’s explosion VFX to her Boom Bot and Paint Shells and for Tejo, his ult, Armageddon, will start at 3 points instead of 2 in Swiftplay (this was already live in patch 10.09 but we missed it in patch notes)!

Other hot news: for players under Radiant, we increased the cap of refunded RR you can receive within an Act. Icebox is still disabled for Deathmatch & Escalation to address issues.

Okay enough chit-chat, hop on.





ALL PLATFORMS
AGENT UPDATES
Raze
Raze’s explosion VFX has been updated to more accurately indicate hitboxes for her Boom Bot and Paint Shells. Additionally, the visual effects will exist in world for a shorter period of time for more gameplay clarity.
CLIENT UPDATES
Collection updates
To help streamline development between the PC and console versions of VALORANT, we’ll be making some changes to the player interfaces to create a more consistent experience across platforms. Unifying these systems means we can reduce the time spent supporting them separately and work toward delivering new features more quickly. The changes will vary in scope, and some may seem insignificant, but they will save us time and energy in the long run. To kick things off, we’re making some early changes to the Collection landing page:
Console changes:
Page for navigating to specific content types removed
All content types (including Player Card and Sprays/Flex) now available on the Collection page, matching PC layout
Gamepad navigation system for the Collection page improved
PC changes:
Level + Chroma indicators in weapon tiles removed
Minor layout updates
COMPETITIVE UPDATES
Rank Rollback Adjustments:
For players below Radiant, we increased the cap of refunded RR you can receive within an Act. We are continuing to monitor edge cases around experiences with refunds.
MODE UPDATES
Swiftplay
Tejo
Armageddon starting points 2 >>> 3
This change was already live in 10.09 but missed in our patch notes. Ultimates at 9 points in the future will be automatically updated to scale.
Icebox will remain disabled in Deathmatch and Escalation game modes while we address spawn-related issues that emerged in patch 10.09.
BUG FIXES
Omen
Reverted a bugfix that was released in 10.08, which should fix the issue where dead allies spectating Omen could see through nearsights (most notably Viper’s ult) if Omen is using Dark Cover
Reintroduced (and still investigating) the issue where Omen could not see properly when casting Dark Cover if he was overlapping another dense smoke (smokes that obscure vision inside, e.g. Jett Cloudburst, Brimstone Sky Smoke, etc.).
Vyse
Fixed an issue where Vyse’s Arc Rose hit confirm would play when affecting non-players 
Fixed an issue where Vyse could no longer use Arc Rose for the remainder of the round if it was placed too close to the spike
Deadlock
Fixed a bug where jumping could inconsistently dodge Deadlock’s net toss despite players being inside the affected area
Tejo
Fixed an issue where Astra’s concuss always affected Tejo’s stealth drone as long as the drone had line of sight to the concuss 
Fixed an issue where Tejo’s rockets could get hindered by Waylay’s saturate and Convergent Paths
Yoru
Fixed an issue where Yoru’s flash visual decals would linger on walls they bounced off of 
Brimstone
Fixed an issue where Brimstone’s ultimate visuals drew underneath the map 
KNOWN ISSUES
Icebox will remain disabled in Deathmatch and Escalation game modes while we address spawn-related issues that emerged in patch 10.09.




PC ONLY
ESPORTS FEATURES
Pick’Ems return in style for Masters Toronto! Starting on May 28th, you will be able to make your picks for the Swiss Stage in-client and on the web.
For Swiss stage, you will be tasked with trying to predict who will advance from the 8 Team Swiss Groups. For extra bonus points, try to predict a team who will make it out flawlessly with a 2-0.
Earn an exclusive title just for playing, but snag extra prizes for finishing in the Top 50% and Top 20% of all players. 
See how you stack up against other experts and creators on the VAL Community Leaderboard 
Finally, prepare for the Playoffs Stage where you’ll fill out the full double elimination bracket, earning more points for correct teams in the later rounds!




CONSOLE ONLY
GENERAL UPDATES
Added a description for Fast Melee Equip in Settings > Controls > Advanced
GAMEPLAY SYSTEMS UPDATES
We've been collecting your feedback around settings customization since releasing VALORANT on Console and one area of focused feedback surrounded a desire to push movement settings to their extremes.
Walk / Run Threshold in Settings > Controls > Movement updated to allow for a wider range. This has actually been in since 10.09.
Min value 0.5 > 0.001 
Movement Deadzone in Settings > Controls > Movement updated to allow for a wider range. This has actually been in since 10.09
Max value 0.5 > 1.0